Added Readmes for all templates (#84)
eclipse-theia/generator-theia-extension: templates/labelprovider/README.md

# Example label provider

> The example extension demonstrates how to contribute a custom label provider customizing the label and icon for specific files (using the ".my" file extension)

Reviewer: Minor suggestion, no strong opinion either:

```suggestion
The example extension demonstrates how to contribute a custom label provider in order to customize the `label` and `icon` when displaying specific file types (using the ".my" file extension as an example).
```
